Everyone, welcome to the Commodore Rex and we will see that.
How is dynamic programming involved in material problems?
Well, there are finite examples because there are infinity within that metrics.
All cities have a.
Religion.
They like it because of religion.
So I hear I have one of those cities which will be used a lot in the upcoming lectures, and also it's
very important.
To understand this and see.
Yeah, well, firstly I have this binomial coefficient which is nothing where you know, you all must
have heard about it, which is NC eight.
So this forms the combinations part in the permutations and combinations section.
What is inside?
There are two ways to define it or them.
Either way, there's one.
But I've chosen these two.
The first way we can see that it is defined is.
The cooperation of to deepen our care in the expansion of one place, at least through the power and
aid.
For example, what is a one plus six base for the power?
Two, it is nothing but x squared plus two x less one eight.
So if I write it this way, it becomes one two in one.
The coefficient eight and.
Yeah.
So if I want to find out what is.
Two because here and it's two we can see and it's true.
If they want to find out what is to see one way, then what I can do is I have to experiment plus x
squared, which is I went to the x squared plus to explosion and then okay.
Oh --.
Yeah.
What I need to do is I need to just check what is the x is to the public here.
What is access to the power one because k is equal to one x dubai one is one and it's over vision days
to eight.
So therefore to c one is equal to two.
Similarly, we can do the same for.
When does excuse which is nothing.
But I think the excu.
Less.
Three X squared plus x plus four.
Sorry.
Mr..
It is.
Excuse me.
I'll tell you a way to remember this study.
It is excuse.
Plus three x squared plus three x plus one.
So it is one, three, three.
But and these are relation between one, two, one and one, three, three, one that I will discuss.
And that will come from the passcode strangled.
Similarly, it's also the it is also defined as the number of ways of choosing objects out of an object
in which it and seeking it.
Let's see what is possible.
The thing I consider consider passcode strangled is of as a wonder of the world.
And let's see.
This is Pascal saying that we all know.
We are, all of us.
Basically, basically, this is our triangle.
And in the past we can see it as 111, one, two, one, one, three, three, one.
I hope we can find a relation at eight.
One, two, one.
13318.
Similarly will have 146421, which is, let's say, explicit.
When playing this to the bar for eight.
So the best way is simple.
Just write down the efficient.
And then just fill these values with just one or.
Six for one always.
So this is one bless expansion and bless this rhubarb vortex.
I hope you got this.
Let's find a relation.
How can we remember this?
It's very easy if you have 1 to 1.
And then I have to come with one, three, three, one, which is nothing.
When we start with one, we end with one, and one of them are the numbers, but in numbers and nothing
but the sum of the and figurative bit.
One little twist.
Three.
And two plus one is again three.
Now let's add them.
I will have three consecutive pairs.
So if I had them for six more and of course we'll add one one in the end and let's add them again.
This will give me five.
This gives me ten, then five and let's add one one.
So as you can see, the next room is one five, ten, ten, five, one.
And there are various other.
A pattern involved in this, and it actually fascinates me.
Let's see this.
And so as you can see, the first diagonal is nothing but 1111, one, one.
The second analyst got read one plus two plus three plus four, plus counting numbers that produce triangular
numbers for wrangling numbers.
It is one.
Plus two is three plus three gives.
Six plus four gives and lets five gives 15.
Plus six gives 21 insulin.
Are you seeing this that the differences between the conservative numbers of this ranking and the third
diagonal is increasing or is this eight?
I hope you got this.
The similarly days of pattern which can be observed in one for ten, 20, 25.
I hope you can find this, but if you want me to find this, I can do that too.
I leave it up to you.
It's very easy.
They just take their differences and see what the pattern in the differences.
Well.
So all of these theories have a name.
So there's a triangle in numbers and this will be on the series, the other ones.
But the second thing that I want to show is that there's a relation between Squires of the numbers and
this.
And let me show this.
So what is okay?
What is Foursquare?
Foursquare is nothing but X plus ten, right?
What is three square?
Let let me circle this.
It's a regular.
What is three square?
The square is nothing but.
The best rate that right.
So for three we can see the right part and the slight diagonal part to all these three.
Combine the three triangle.
Similarly for two we can see that two squared is nothing but one plus three.
Similarly, for five, we can see.
Which is endless.
15 by ABC Vice Credit goes to 1015 I hope you got this.
So it was a very interesting property that I saw, and I saw this on the Web site called Matisse Fun.
Now you can search and look at the properties of this Pascal's triangle as well.
And yeah, so let's see the next properties that I liked and then we'll discuss how do we get rid of
them?
Which of course we have seen it is nothing but some of the above to provided the sum of the other two
eight.
We will see that will come to the derivation by using dynamic programming.
Well yeah.
So the next one is the some of the horizontal rows for these are some of the first of one, then two
then for the need, then in 32, then 64, eight and so on.
So here you can, you see can you observe a pattern in the in the same here the sum is nothing but to
restore the power in 8 to 2 is above a01, two, three, four and so on, which would eventually eventually
see that and see zero plus, NC one plus and see two.
So until and see is equal to how much duration the about eight because these are the confessions the
binomial coefficients of this.
I hope you got this.
A.
And the next one is also very interesting, which is what is 11?
Is it about zero?
It's one.
What is it?
11 is two but one.
11 eight similarly is 12113311, four, six, four, one.
Now you can see it is 1610518, which is 15101051.
So this is because here you can see here you can notice that we have a double digit number eight.
So what we'll do is we'll start writing this from the right hand.
So let's write this 510.
What happens when we get to zero?
We have one carry over the template.
Similarly, for the next, we have another zero.
So zero plus one is.
Okay.
Let me write it this way.
This was standard two digit number.
I will kind of try to overlap, but I'll just take one last digit and overlap with ten and then we'll
have five and then we'll have one.
If I had this one elegant 150161, which is 111 listed above five.
Similarly, 411 is to the above with six.
I will look at this home.
How am I getting this number?
We'll have one 615.
So 15 one should overlap with 20 zero eight and then again 15 here.
And then we have six and then we have one.
Let me add it.
So it is 1651771, which is 11 is to the bar, which is in this way.
Interesting.
That series is kind of becoming the power of 11.
So I hope you understood all the property of Pascal's triangle.
And this is important.
You need to.
You should keep these things in mind because we never know when there's a problem which demands one
of these.
And then you might be searching for them.
Well, then let's understand.
How do we.
How do we come to this particular.
Additionally, we saw that any number, any number, let's pick up let's pick up this ten.
It is nothing but six +46 nothing but three plus three, eight and similarly seven days nothing with
35 plus 35.
It is nothing but seven and one eight.
How how are they?
How is that some equal?
Why is there something called a two for that?
What we'll do is we'll go into dynamic programming.
You will see what is the meaning of the end, right?
Sankar means using.
He objects.
Out of.
Objects I think offered in that environment were like.
Like, just think about this problem.
Let's say you have been given this problem that you have to find out the negative relation of using
key objects out of an object.
What options do you have?
Let's say what what?
What options do you have for the kid object?
The option for Kate object is at the rally included.
Include means I choose it or I will not choose it.
That means I will excluded.
So if I include the kid object, then what does it say?
It is equal to telling me the number 10 million number of ways in which I can choose K minus one elements
from n minus one element and I'm including gay.
So basically this n minus one becomes N and k, minus one becomes key.
So basically what I'm saying is if I have five balls.
And I have.
I'm using a six ball.
I'm asking you if I have to include if my six ball is included in my selection.
If my six ball is included in my selection, then in how many number of base I can choose?
Five balls.
Okay, so let's say I have two, literally four balls.
Okay.
I would select for out of wooden balls at six eight, but.
Yeah.
Let me go over this again.
Let's end is equal to six.
And I have six pots.
And I have to choose only fourballs.
What option do this last ball have?
The last ball has two options.
Whether it will be included in all these four balls in one of these four balls, or it will be not included
at all.
If it is included in one of these four balls, then what else?
Simply say, look for these five balls.
Tell me the number of ways of choosing three balls because I'm including this ball in as my fourth volley.
I hope you got this.
But if I'm including the last ball as the fourth one, then I just asked him in the province of choosing
three balls out of the remaining balls, which is right here.
And if I am not including it as my fourth ball or any of the any one of these four balls, let's say
I'm not including it.
Then what?
What does the relation become?
Look, let's not include this then simply what we have to say is Jews, Bible, Jews, four words out
of the remaining box, which is five.
So basically it means N minus one, c k because I'm not including the current role in my selection.
If I'm not including the current involved, still I need the cable trade.
So I have many options left.
I have, and minus one options left.
And I have to select keyboards out of them.
So here you can see it's very easy that and c odd is equal to nothing but and minus one.
C are minus one.
Okay.
And I'm digging out and there I'm digging.
Let me take the case.
Equals to and minus 1ck minus one because of I'm including it to limit the number of ways of shooting
the other balls plus mn t plus and minus one.
The K which means.
I'm not including the current pollinator to limit the number of ways of choosing that many walls from
the remaining ones.
So what is this?
If I died, if I.
Replace it with iota or letter f eight to F.
NW Obama care is close to a fourth and minus one comma k minus one plus f of.
And minus one hit rate and let's replace it by IED.
So it becomes EF IED.
Is it close to half of a minus one?
J Minus one.
Less.
F I minus one.
I hope this becomes clear.
So that's why we are seeing the above approach, which is one, but it is one one.
So let's start from the third one.
The idea.
The second one will be equal to I, minus one.
Minus one, which is this and I'm minus one g, which is this.
Instead of looking it as a pyramid, let's see it as a.
Triangle.
So let me just.
Make this.
Similarly this.
Yeah.
Just give me 1/2.
From the religion.
What we have.
One, one, one.
Now, similarly.
So RFID.
That means this.
All the leftmost column is one, right?
Because it is equal to NC 084.
All in.
Now what will be this value will be equal to this plus this which is namely this will be equal to this
plus there's nothing else.
So it will be one eight.
Now, again, this cell, which is.
Third row and first column rate if I start from zero.
So three in one, right.
What does it equal to?
It equals from nothing.
Where it was zero plus two to less 218 bridges to the similarly three.
Similarly, when it is equal to I minus one do minus one, which is the diagonal left and I minus one
day, which is just above column it.
So this is just an example of how are we reaching to this window?
Eight.
It is because of Erika's evolution and how their evolution from the anime programming to, well, we
all can code this language.
It's very easy.
I leave the code up to you.
I just wanted you to know about some some things about the particles triangle and the binomial coefficients,
because we'll be watching it in the further videos.
Well.
Thank you.